hey there YouTube so today I'm going to
be doing a makeup tutorial for you guys
and my questions and answers video that
I put on my talk channel if you guys
have not checked that out you can click
on part 1 or part 2 down below to go
check out those answers to your guys's
questions and I had a specific makeup
look on in that video which was kind of
good for like the spring time because I
incorporated pinks and oranges and
brighter colors this is the makeup look
from that video this is just what it
looks like as you can see we have a nice
light color there on the lid we've got
some pink in there and we've got some
orange it's just it's a really really
simple look and then we put a nice
bright pink lip so if you guys want to
see how to get this look and then go
ahead and just keep on watching so this
is be slap cosmetics corrector in light
I'm going to take that and apply that to
my lids making sure that I concentrate
mostly on the lid as my base for my
eyeshadow and bringing that up into the
brow bone then I'm going to take a
pigment from still glamorous it's called
single and it looks like this it's a
very pretty shimmery ivory kind of color
and I'm going to apply that directly
onto our lids just kind of padding that
on so all the shimmer stays on there
I'm also going to take that and bring
that just beneath our brow bone here as
a highlight this is also from be slap
cosmetics it's the Heartless be palette
and I'm going to take that brown this is
going to help kind of just bring the
whole look together in a very soft
neutral kind of way then I'm going to
take the manly 120 palette and I'm going
to use this orange here which is one two
three four five six colors up and I'm
going to apply that into our crease just
keeping that above the light every kind
of color that we put and then blending
it into our highlight colors I'm going
to be taking my blush as the pink this
is very amore from Milani
and I'm going to take that and apply
that to the outer portion of my eyelid
blending it in with the orange and
blending it into the ivory just about
halfway I always like to just take my
brush and kind of blend it out with
whatever's left on it I don't put any
more product I just kind of blend it and
then I fix up some of the parts that may
need a little more color I'm going to be
taking that same orange and bringing it
just underneath our eyelids here
focusing more of the color on the outer
portion and then I'll go back through
and kind of connect that to our inner I
curl your lashes and apply mascara I'm
using the telescopic I don't know why I
was questioning myself but yeah it's the
telescopic carbon black from l'oreal and
we'll climb at to my top and my bottom
lashes also from l'oreal i'm using this
bomb the color riche bomb and tender
mauve and it's just a really nice pinky
color
then I'm going to go in with some wet
and wild lipstick this is there Matt one
in cherry picking it's just a really
pretty bright pink color I don't really
know how to explain it any other way but
apply that as your lipstick then take
your nice cheapy wet and wild eyeliner
and apply that to your eyelids I love
this eyeliner it's so cheap and it lasts
all day
and then of course I always do a little
wing you don't have to do it but I
always do it I'm just used to it I feel
like my eyes look weird if I don't have
a wing now so I don't know you can or
cannot add the wing entirely up to you
and here I was showing you guys the look
but I had forgotten to curl my lashes I
always like to curl my lashes twice I
don't know why before mascara and after
mascara so then I went through incur